Have you ever paid for someone’s dinner and couldn’t even get enough to eat?
Just grab something to eat.
It is also the richest family.
It is even richer than others.
Did you hear that?
The guard said that Master Sun was back with Mrs. Sun who had just walked in.
Still holding hands?
Real or fake?
Is it still possible to have a lie?
Mrs. Sun just went out yesterday.
It didn't take long.
Young Master Sun became so angry that he went to the host house to follow him.
Master Sun, how long has it been since he went out?
That is to say,
If it were before,
After marrying into the house, she was kicked out within three days.
Now they are in the same place and in the same place
Are you really seeing the right person? That's nonsense.
How could Master Sun like him?
What about a lowlife like him?
Look at him
In addition to eating every day, I am making trouble
Like a hungry firstborn
Of course, no one was wrong
Mrs. Sun
If you are hungry
you can order us
I’ll prepare a midnight snack for you.
No need, no need
A low-class person like me
It’s better to eat poisonous food
They all said he was a lower class person.
No rules
I just got slapped last time
Butler Feng is not here
Let's see who will save her this time
Last time I got slapped
I have to get it back